doc: Added documentation for enable_trtllm_sampler. (#4990)
NVIDIA/TensorRT-LLM: docs/source/torch.md

scripts/huggingface_example.sh --model <huggingface_model_card> --quant fp8 --export_fmt hf
```

## Sampling

> The PyTorch backend supports most of the sampling features that are supported on the C++ backend, such as temperature, top-k and top-p sampling, stop words, bad words, penalty, context and generation logits, and log probs.

Reviewer: is this https://nvidia.github.io/TensorRT-LLM/advanced/speculative-decoding.html related to this content? Wondering if there is a place that you can link to for folks to learn more about sampling. Or what each of these sampling features are?

Author: The link you suggest is the set of features supported by the C++ backend speculative decoding. These are not supported at the moment in the PyTorch backend.

I could not find a place where these sampling features are explained. We could add such a page, I would need to find the time to write it.

In order to use this feature, it is necessary to enable option `enable_trtllm_sampler` in the `LLM` class, and pass a `SamplingParams` object with the desired options as well. The following example prepares two identical prompts which will give different results due to the sampling parameters chosen:

```python
from tensorrt_llm._torch import LLM
llm = LLM(model='nvidia/Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct-FP8',
          enable_trtllm_sampler=True)
sampling_params = SamplingParams(
        temperature=1.0,
        top_k=8,
        top_p=0.5,
    )
llm.generate(["Hello, my name is",
            "Hello, my name is"], sampling_params)
```

> When using speculative decoders such as MTP or Eagle-3, the option `enable_trtllm_sampler` is not yet available and therefore the subset of sampling options available is more restricted. We are planning to extend support for speculative decoders in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using speculative decoders such as MTP or Eagle-3, the `enable_trtllm_sampler` option is not yet supported and therefore the subset of sampling options available is more restricted. 
```

recommendation to avoid mention future features/support in docs, just in case timelines or priorities change.

Its also not very clear to me what sampling options are still available?
